eosio.system.voteproducer-rc.md, before:

#Ricardian Contract for VOTEPRODUCER
This Ricardian contract for the system command VOTEPRODUCER is legally binding and can be used in the event of a dispute. Disputes shall be settled in this system's default arbitration forum.


VOTEPRODUCER (voter; array:producers)
Intent: cast a valid vote for up to 30 BP candidates
As an authorized party I {{ signer }} wish to vote on behalf of {{ voter }} in favor of the block producer candidates {{ array:producers }} with a voting weight equal to all tokens currently owned by {{ voter }} and staked for CPU or bandwidth. 

If I am not the beneficial owner of these shares I stipulate I have proof that I’ve been authorized to vote these shares by their beneficial owner(s). 

I stipulate I have not and will not accept anything of value in exchange for these votes, on penalty of confiscation of these tokens, and other penalties. 

I acknowledge that using any system of automatic voting, re-voting, or vote refreshing, or allowing such a system to be used on my behalf or on behalf of another, is forbidden and doing so violates this contract.

Commit message:

fixing md formatting
this should now display correctly on github

eosio.system.voteproducer-rc.md, after:

# Ricardian Contract for VOTEPRODUCER

This Ricardian contract for the system command VOTEPRODUCER is legally binding and can be used in the event of a dispute. Disputes shall be settled in this system's default arbitration forum.


## VOTEPRODUCER (voter; array:producers)

_Intent: cast a valid vote for up to 30 BP candidates_

As an authorized party I {{ signer }} wish to vote on behalf of {{ voter }} in favor of the block producer candidates {{ array:producers }} with a voting weight equal to all tokens currently owned by {{ voter }} and staked for CPU or bandwidth. 

If I am not the beneficial owner of these shares I stipulate I have proof that I’ve been authorized to vote these shares by their beneficial owner(s). 

I stipulate I have not and will not accept anything of value in exchange for these votes, on penalty of confiscation of these tokens, and other penalties. 

I acknowledge that using any system of automatic voting, re-voting, or vote refreshing, or allowing such a system to be used on my behalf or on behalf of another, is forbidden and doing so violates this contract.

All disputes arising from this contract shall be resolved in the EOS Core Arbitration Forum.
