README.md, before:

# eosio.contracts

## Version : 1.9.1

The design of the EOSIO blockchain calls for a number of smart contracts that are run at a privileged permission level in order to support functions such as block producer registration and voting, token staking for CPU and network bandwidth, RAM purchasing, multi-sig, etc.  These smart contracts are referred to as the bios, system, msig, wrap (formerly known as sudo) and token contracts.

This repository contains examples of these privileged contracts that are useful when deploying, managing, and/or using an EOSIO blockchain.  They are provided for reference purposes:

   * [eosio.bios](./contracts/eosio.bios)
   * [eosio.system](./contracts/eosio.system)
   * [eosio.msig](./contracts/eosio.msig)
   * [eosio.wrap](./contracts/eosio.wrap)

The following unprivileged contract(s) are also part of the system.
   * [eosio.token](./contracts/eosio.token)

Dependencies:
* [eosio.cdt v1.7.x](https://github.com/EOSIO/eosio.cdt/releases/tag/v1.7.0)
* [eosio v2.0.x](https://github.com/EOSIO/eos/releases/tag/v2.0.1) (optional dependency only needed to build unit tests)

## Build

To build the contracts follow the instructions in [Build and deploy](https://developers.eos.io/manuals/eosio.contracts/latest/build-and-deploy) section.

## Contributing

[Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

[Code of Conduct](./CONTRIBUTING.md#conduct)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

The included icons are provided under the same terms as the software and accompanying documentation, the MIT License.  We welcome contributions from the artistically-inclined members of the community, and if you do send us alternative icons, then you are providing them under those same terms.

## Important

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for copyright and license terms.

All repositories and other materials are provided subject to the terms of this [IMPORTANT](./IMPORTANT.md) notice and you must familiarize yourself with its terms.  The notice contains important information, limitations and restrictions relating to our software, publications, trademarks, third-party resources, and forward-looking statements.  By accessing any of our repositories and other materials, you accept and agree to the terms of the notice.


## rentbw modeling tool

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61709855/94745158-33694e00-0348-11eb-9ab8-4056252db7a9.png)

`mkdir build`

`cd build`

`cmake -DBUILD_TESTS=true ..`

`make -j`

Usage: 

`cd modeling`

`sh run_and_plot.sh <json model config file> <csv rentbw input file> <model output file>`

rentbw modeling tool expects 3 command line arguments:

* general model configuration options for both net and cpu
* rental instructions script expecting configrentbw, rentbw, rentbwexec commands, where:
   * configrentbw - ignores all values in other columns and uses model configuration file to initialize model
   * rentbw - uses all, except last columns from this csv row
   * rentbwexec - uses only last column (queue_max)
* result of modeling, csv file generated by the tool. If file existed, it will be overwritten.

for your convenience we included sample model configuration and rental input files in the same "modeling" folder:

`sh run_and_plot.sh model_config.json rentbw_input.csv csv_output.csv`

if you have a gnuplot installed, it will be automatically executed to plot utilization charts

Commit message:

apdated README.md and moved model files to modeling/examples

README.md, after:

# eosio.contracts

## Version : 1.9.1

The design of the EOSIO blockchain calls for a number of smart contracts that are run at a privileged permission level in order to support functions such as block producer registration and voting, token staking for CPU and network bandwidth, RAM purchasing, multi-sig, etc.  These smart contracts are referred to as the bios, system, msig, wrap (formerly known as sudo) and token contracts.

This repository contains examples of these privileged contracts that are useful when deploying, managing, and/or using an EOSIO blockchain.  They are provided for reference purposes:

   * [eosio.bios](./contracts/eosio.bios)
   * [eosio.system](./contracts/eosio.system)
   * [eosio.msig](./contracts/eosio.msig)
   * [eosio.wrap](./contracts/eosio.wrap)

The following unprivileged contract(s) are also part of the system.
   * [eosio.token](./contracts/eosio.token)

Dependencies:
* [eosio.cdt v1.7.x](https://github.com/EOSIO/eosio.cdt/releases/tag/v1.7.0)
* [eosio v2.0.x](https://github.com/EOSIO/eos/releases/tag/v2.0.1) (optional dependency only needed to build unit tests)

## Build

To build the contracts follow the instructions in [Build and deploy](https://developers.eos.io/manuals/eosio.contracts/latest/build-and-deploy) section.

## Contributing

[Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

[Code of Conduct](./CONTRIBUTING.md#conduct)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

The included icons are provided under the same terms as the software and accompanying documentation, the MIT License.  We welcome contributions from the artistically-inclined members of the community, and if you do send us alternative icons, then you are providing them under those same terms.

## Important

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for copyright and license terms.

All repositories and other materials are provided subject to the terms of this [IMPORTANT](./IMPORTANT.md) notice and you must familiarize yourself with its terms.  The notice contains important information, limitations and restrictions relating to our software, publications, trademarks, third-party resources, and forward-looking statements.  By accessing any of our repositories and other materials, you accept and agree to the terms of the notice.


## rentbw modeling tool

The `simulate.sh` script was designed to let you run simulations of different resource renting models.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61709855/94972604-a7862c00-04d7-11eb-8721-3b3aefed07a2.png)

#### Compilation

```
./build.sh -t
```
See `build.sh -h` for parameters.

#### Usage

```
cd modeling/
./simulate.sh <json model config file> <csv rentbw input file> <model output file>
```
The rentbw modeling tool requires 3 files in this order:
* [in] the general model configuration options for both NET and CPU resources
* [in] rental instructions csv file with the `configrentbw`, `rentbw`, `rentbwexec` commands, where:
   * `configrentbw` - ignores all values in other columns and uses the model configuration file to initialize a model
   * `rentbw` - uses all, except the last column from this csv row
   * `rentbwexec` - uses only the last column (`queue_max`)
* [out] the result of modeling, csv file generated by the tool. If the file exists, it will be overwritten.

For your convenience, there is a sample model configuration file and a rental input file in the `modeling/examples` folder:

```
cd modeling/
./simulate.sh  examples/model_config.json  examples/rentbw_input.csv  csv_output.csv
```

if you have `gnuplot` installed, it will be automatically executed to plot utilization charts
