docs/02_system_contracts/04_eosio_token.md, before:

## [eosio.token system contract](action-reference/eosio.token)

The `eosio.token` contract defines the structures and actions that allow users to create, issue, and manage tokens for EOSIO based blockchains.

These are the public actions the `eosio.token` contract is implementing:
|Action name|Action description|
|---|---|
|create|Allows an account to create a token in a given supply amount.|
|issue|This action issues to an account a specific quantity of tokens.|
|open|Allows a first account to create another account with zero balance for specified token at the expense of first account.|
|close|This action is the opposite for `open` action, it closes the specified account for specified token.|
|transfer|Allows an account to transfer to another account the specified token quantity. One account is debited and the other is credited with the specified token quantity.|
|retire|This action is the opposite for `create` action.  If all validations succeed, it debits the specified amount of tokens from the total balance.|

The `eosio.token` sample contract demonstrates one way to implement a smart contract which allows for creation and management of tokens. This contract gives anyone the ability to create a token. It is possible for one to create a similar contract which suits different needs.  However, it is recommended that if one only needs a token with the above listed actions, that one uses the `eosio.token` contract instead of developing their own.

The `eosio.token` contract class also implements two useful public static methods: `get_supply` and `get_balance`. The first allows one to check the total supply of a specified token, created by an account and the second allows one to check the balance of a token for a specified account (the token creator account has to be specified as well).

The `eosio.token` contract manages the set of tokens, accounts and their corresponding balances, by using two internal multi-index structures: the `accounts` and `stats`. The `accounts` multi-index table holds, for each row, instances of `account` object and the `account` object holds information about the balance of one token. The `accounts` table is scoped to an eosio account, and it keeps the rows indexed based on the token's symbol.  This means that when one queries the `accounts` multi-index table for an account name the result is all the tokens that account holds at the moment.

Similarly, the `stats` multi-index table, holds instances of `currency_stats` objects for each row, which contains information about current supply, maximum supply, and the creator account for a symbol token. The `stats` table is scoped to the token symbol.  Therefore, when one queries the `stats` table for a token symbol the result is one single entry/row corresponding to the queried symbol token if it was previously created, or nothing, otherwise.

Commit message:

Prune out duplicated content found in reference doc as well.

docs/02_system_contracts/04_eosio_token.md, after:

## [eosio.token system contract](action-reference/eosio.token)

The `eosio.token` contract defines the structures and actions that allow users to create, issue, and manage tokens for EOSIO based blockchains.

The `eosio.token` sample contract demonstrates one way to implement a smart contract which allows for creation and management of tokens. This contract gives anyone the ability to create a token. It is possible for one to create a similar contract which suits different needs.  However, it is recommended that if one only needs a token with the above listed actions, that one uses the `eosio.token` contract instead of developing their own.

The `eosio.token` contract class also implements two useful public static methods: `get_supply` and `get_balance`. The first allows one to check the total supply of a specified token, created by an account and the second allows one to check the balance of a token for a specified account (the token creator account has to be specified as well).

The `eosio.token` contract manages the set of tokens, accounts and their corresponding balances, by using two internal multi-index structures: the `accounts` and `stats`. The `accounts` multi-index table holds, for each row, instances of `account` object and the `account` object holds information about the balance of one token. The `accounts` table is scoped to an eosio account, and it keeps the rows indexed based on the token's symbol.  This means that when one queries the `accounts` multi-index table for an account name the result is all the tokens that account holds at the moment.

Similarly, the `stats` multi-index table, holds instances of `currency_stats` objects for each row, which contains information about current supply, maximum supply, and the creator account for a symbol token. The `stats` table is scoped to the token symbol.  Therefore, when one queries the `stats` table for a token symbol the result is one single entry/row corresponding to the queried symbol token if it was previously created, or nothing, otherwise.

The actions implemented and publicly exposed by the `eosio.token` contract are detailed in the [eosio.token reference documentation](action-reference/eosio.token).
